Voice: JADEN, WHY WON'T
YOU PLAY WITH ME?
Boy: IT'S DAY THREE ABOARD
THE SS DULL AND BORING,
AND I'M READY TO JUMP
OVERBOARD!
THEY CALL THIS
A "CRUISE!?"
THEN WHERE'S THE POOL PARTY
AND THE KARAOKE MACHINE!?
AND THE ALL-YOU-CAN-EAT
BUFFET LUNCH!?
AND WHAT'S THE DEAL
WITH THE PASSENGER SHORTAGE!?
THERE'S ONLY LIKE
FIVE OF US ON THIS
FLOATING NIGHTMARE.
AND THE ONLY GIRL IS
A FIVE HUNDRED POUND
CROCODILE NAMED SHIRLEY!
SHE HANGS OUT ALL DAY
WITH THIS GUY NAMED JIM COOK.
THE TWO OF THEM HAVEN'T
MOVED FROM THAT SPOT
SINCE WE SET SAIL!
[YAWNS]
AND THEY'RE
THE NORMAL ONES!
WHICH IS MORE THAN
I CAN SAY
FOR PROFESSOR THELONIOUS VIPER.
WITH A NAME LIKE THAT,
YOU KNOW HE'S BAD NEWS!
AND EVERY TEACHER
HAS HIS PET.
SO ENTER AXEL BRODIE.
HE'S NOT EXACTLY
THE FRIENDLIEST KID
IN THE PLAYGROUND...
SO IF YOU'RE IN A FIGHT...
YOU DEFINITELY WANT
HIM ON YOUR SIDE!
[KNOCK ON DOOR]
WHO'S THERE?
WHO DO YOU THINK?
SORRY, PROFESSOR.
BUT THERE'S
A STALKER ONBOARD,
AND YOU CAN'T BE
TOO CAREFUL.
I TAKE IT YOU'VE HAD
AN UNWANTED VISITOR TODAY?
DOESN'T THIS BUSYBODY
KNOW WHAT CURIOSITY DID
TO THE CAT!?
WELL, WELL, WELL.
ADRIAN GECKO.
RELAX. HE'S
PERFECTLY HARMLESS.
NOW FOCUS YOUR ENERGY
BACK ON OUR PLAN.
WE'LL REACH
DUEL ACADEMY
AT NOON.
THERE WILL BE
A BRIEF CEREMONY
WELCOMING
THE NEW STUDENTS.
ONCE THEY'RE DONE
SINGING OUR PRAISES,
WE'LL GET
DOWN TO BUSINESS.
THESE POOR FOOLS
WON'T KNOW
WHAT HIT THEM!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Adrian: MY PRAYERS
HAVE BEEN ANSWERED!
OUR SEAFARING
DAYS ARE OVER!
SO AFTER THREE DAYS
OF EXTREME BOREDOM,
ADRIAN GECKO IS READY
FOR DUEL ACADEMY!
BUT IS DUEL ACADEMY
READY FOR ME!?
BLUE SKIES,
GORGEOUS COASTLINE.
JUST LIKE BACK HOME!
RIGHT, SHIRLEY!?
[HISSES]
I THINK WE'RE
GONNA LIKE IT HERE!
JADEN!
HURRY, JAY,
IT'S TIME FOR--
HEY, WAIT.
YOU'RE NOT JAY.
GEE WHAT GAVE IT AWAY?
THE GOOD LOOKS
OR THE BULGING BICEPS!?
GREAT. THE RALLY'S
IN ONE HOUR.
I BET HE
TOTALLY FORGOT.
WAIT, WHAT RALLY?
IS THERE
A RALLY TODAY?
AH, HELLO!
IT'S THE OPENING
DAY PEP RALLY?
OH...
THAT RALLY.
SPEAKING OF WHICH...
TAKE A LOOK!
LOOK REAL CLOSE.
NOTICE ANYTHING
DIFFERENT?
OF COURSE!
YOUR UNIFORM!
YOU GOT YERSELF
PROMOTED TO OBELISK BLUE!
CONGRATS, TRUESDALE!
WELL, THANKS.
BUT I WASN'T TALKING
ABOUT MY OUTFIT.
SEE?
NOW THAT
I'VE MATURED,
I THOUGHT IT WAS
TIME
FOR A NEW PAIR
OF GLASSES!
UH...HOW COULD
I MISS 'EM!?
[THINKING]
'CAUSE THEY LOOK LIKE
THE OLD PAIR THAT'S HOW!
AW, MAN!
WE GOTTA FIND JAY!
HE CAN'T MISS
THE PEP RALLY.
LET'S GO!
[VOICE LAUGHING]
HUH? WHO'S THERE?
DON'T YOU REMEMBER ME?
WHY WON'T YOU COME
AND PLAY, JADEN?
WHO ARE YOU?
AND WHERE ARE YOU?!
AND WHERE AM I!?
ARE YOU GUYS
ALRIGHT!?
ERR.
I'VE ALREADY PLAYED
WITH YOUR FRIENDS.
BUT THEY WEREN'T
MUCH FUN.
ALEXIS? SYRUS?
HELLO!?
COME ON,
SAY SOMETHING!
[GASPS]
NOOOOOOO!
[CHIRPS]
AM I GLAD TO
SEE YOU!
I HAD THIS DREAM
THAT MY FRIENDS
WERE STATUES!
[CHIRPS]
AT LEAST I THINK
IT WAS A DREAM.
[CHIRPS]
WHAT'S UP, BRO?
HMM?
[CHATTERING]
TALK ABOUT
A STRANGE DAY.
Boy:
THERE YOU ARE RUBY!
[CHATTERING]
I TOLD YOU
TA STAY PUT.
DUDE! IS THAT
A MONSTER SPIRIT,
OR AM I STILL
DREAMING!?
THIS HERE'S MY PAL
RUBY CARBUNCLE.
RUBY WHO!?
NO. RUBY CARBUNCLE!
HOLD ON!
THAT MEANS YOU CAN--
YUP. I ASSUME
YOU CAN, TOO.
[CHIRPS]
THAT MUST MAKE YOU
THE INFAMOUS JADEN YUKI!
IN THE FLESH!
SO HOW LONG'VE YOU BEEN
ABLE TO SEE SPIRITS?
SINCE I WAS
BORN I THINK.
AND FROM WHAT I HEAR,
IT'S THE SAME THING WITH YOU.
COMES IN HANDY,
DOESN'T IT!?
TALKING TO MONSTERS
IS SO RAD!
USUALLY.
[VOICE LAUGHING]
ANYWAY...I'VE NEVER
SEEN YOU BEFORE.
ARE YOU
A FRESHMAN?
UH...NOT EXACTLY.
I TRANSFERRED HERE.
AWESOME! WELL,
LET ME THE FIRST
TO SAY, "WELCOME!"
THAT'S MIGHTY KIND
OF YA.
[CHIRPING]
THAT'S STRANGE.
HAVE WE MET BEFORE?
I DUNNO.
BUT IT SURE
FEELS LIKE IT.
[CHIRPING]
Hassleberry: AH-HA!
THERE YA' ARE!
THE RALLY'S
STARTING!
HEY WAIT.
THAT'S TODAY!?
IT'S RIGHT NOW!
SO FORWARD MARCH!
GUESS I GOTTA JET.
SEE YA AROUND.
COME ON, KURIBOH!
AMEM.
ALRIGHT.
SETTLE DOWN.
AS YOU KNOW
IT'S THE START
OF A BRAND NEW YEAR!
DOES ANYONE REMEMBER
THEIR SUMMER BREAK?
'CAUSE I DON'T.
HA HA!
BUT I DIGRESS.
WITH EVERY
NEW YEAR...
HEY, PRINCETON!
THIS SECTION IS
FOR THE RED BARRACKS!
OH YEAH? THEN WHAT'RE
YOU DOING HERE,
HUCKLEBERRY!?
'CAUSE LAST
I CHECKED,
YOU WERE
A RA YELLOWBELLY!
SO WHAT GIVES YOU
THE RIGHT TO
SIT HERE?!
FOR ONE, PEOPLE
ACTUALLY LIKE ME!
ATTENCION!
RECITING
THE ACADEMY PLEDGE...
IS OUR FRESHMAN
REPRESENTATIVE
BLAIR FLANNIGAN!
NOT THIS FREAK.
IS THAT WHY YOU
CAME BACK, CHAZZ?
TO BE
WITH YOUR GIRLFRIEND?
AS IF!
SHE WAS THE ONE
WHO LIKED ME!
POOR NAIVE FRESHMAN.
WE THE STUDENTS
OF DUEL ACADEMY
SOLEMNLY PROMISE TO ABIDE
BY THE ACADEMY REGULATIONS,
TO RESOLVE ALL CONFLICTS
BY DUELING,
TO SHOW RESPECT
FOR OUR PROFESSORS
AND OUR FELLOW PEERS
UNLESS THEY PLAN TO
TAKE OVER THE WORLD.
UHH!
HMPH.
HEH HEH HEH!
SO MUCH FOR HER
CRUSH ON CHAZZ.
OHH!
NOW THEN. AS I SAID...
WITH EACH NEW YEAR
COMES MODIFICATION
AND IMPROVEMENT!
HERE AT DUEL ACADEMY,
WE STRIVE FOR PERFECTION.
SO TO KEEP EACH ONE
OF YOU ALL AT THE TOP
OF YOUR GAME...
WE'VE INVITED A FEW
NEW STUDENTS TO JOIN YOU.
IN FACT, THEY REPRESENT
THE TOP STUDENTS
FROM EACH OF OUR FOUR
DUEL ACADEMY WORLDWIDE BRANCHES!
DUEL ACADEMY HAS
WORLDWIDE BRANCHES?
YOU LEARN SOMETHING NEW
EVERY DAY.
THIS RULES!
I GOT TO GET
MY GAME ON!
TIME FOR INTRODUCTIONS!
VISITING US ALL THE WAY
FROM EAST ACADEMY...
ADRIAN GECKO!
[APPLAUSE]
AND HAILING
FROM WEST ACADEMY,
PLEASE WELCOME AXEL BRODIE!
[APPLAUSE]
NEXT JOINING US
FROM OUR BRANCH
IN THE SOUTH...
IT'S JIM CROCODILE COOK!
HI, MATES!
HA HA HA!
AND LAST, LEADING
THE PACK AT NORTH ACADEMY,
IT'S JESSE ANDERSEN!
HUH?
THIS IS AWKWARD.
NO IT'S JUST
PLAIN RUDE!
THAT'S WEIRD.
A NO-SHOW?
JESSE?
JESSE ANDERSEN!?
NO WAY!
HE'S THE KID
WITH THE CRYSTAL BEAST DECK!
CRYSTAL WHAT?
SPEAK UP, SON!
WHATTA YOU KNOW?
A COUPLE 'A YEARS AGO...
PEGASUS CREATED SOME CARDS.
BUT HIS CORPORATION
DIDN'T RELEASE THEM.
MY FAMILY OFFERED HIM
MILLIONS FOR 'EM,
BUT HE REFUSED TO SELL.
I DON'T GET IT!
WHAT, ARE THEY MADE
'A GOLD!?
RULE NUMBER ONE!
NEVER INTERRUPT THE CHAZZ
WHEN HE'S IN THE MIDDLE
OF A LONG MONOLOGUE.
THE LEGEND
OF THE DECK GOES WAY BACK
TO THE ANCIENT ROMANS.
THEIR EMPEROR, JULIUS CAESAR,
MANAGED TO GATHER SEVEN RARE
JEWELS FROM AROUND THE WORLD,
ONE FROM EACH PLACE
HE CONQUERED.
BUT WHILE THEY WERE BEING
TRANSPORTED BACK TO ROME,
THE SHIP WAS CAUGHT
IN A STORM
AND THE JEWELS WERE LOST.
UNTIL PEGASUS FOUND THEM.
THEN HE TOOK
A FRAGMENT OF EACH ONE
AND CREATED SEVEN NEW CARDS.
THE CRYSTAL
BEAST CARDS?
HOW'D YA' GET SO
SMART, HAYSEED?
YEAH, THE CRYSTAL
BEAST CARDS.
THEN HE GAVE 'EM AWAY
TO SOME TOURNAMENT WINNER.
SO THAT MEANS
THIS JESSE KID WAS
THE WINNER, RIGHT!?
HOW SWEET!
I GOTTA DUEL
THIS GUY!
NOT IF HE DON'T SHOW UP.
HUH?
[PANTING]
SORRY, FOLKS.
GUESS I GOT LOST.
THIS SCHOOL'S A LOT
BIGGER THAN OURS.
HOLD ON!
I RECOGNIZE THAT VOICE.
HEY, JADEN!
I GUESS THIS IS
THAT PEP RALLY THING.
YUP!
BY THE WAY...
JUST WONDERING...
YOU SEE
A GUY NAMED JESSE?
YEAH, SURE DID.
WHAT!? YOU'VE SEEN HIM!?
WHERE IS HE!?
YA'LL ARE LOOKIN'
AT HIM!
I'M JESSE!
HUH?
SORRY. I GUESS I
NEVER PROPERLY
INTRODUCED MYSELF.
I WAS SO EXCITED
TO MEET YOU,
I GUESS I JUST
PLUM FORGOT.
I GET THAT A LOT.
AHEM. LETS START
OVER THEN SHALL WE?
JOINING OUR SCHOOL
FROM NORTH ACADEMY,
JESSE ANDERSON!
[APPLAUSE]
THANKS FOR WASTING
EVERYONE'S TIME, PAL.
HUH?
JUST KIDDIN'.
HEH HEH HEH!
G'DAY!
THE NAME'S JIM COOK.
AND THIS
IS SHIRLEY.
[GROWLS]
AAH!
PLEASE TELL ME THAT
WAS YOUR STOMACH.
I CAN'T.
OH, YES.
AND LAST BUT NOT LEAST,
I'D LIKE YOU TO MEET
OUR VISITING PROFESSOR
FROM WEST ACADEMY.
SAY HELLO TO PROFESSOR
THELONIOUS VIPER!
IT'S AN HONOR.
FOR THOSE OF YOU WHO HEARD
MY METHODS ARE STRICT,
YOU'RE RIGHT.
HOWEVER THAT BEING SAID,
I'VE ALWAYS FELT THERE'S
A METHOD TO MY MADNESS.
YOU SEE I BELIEVE ACTIONS
SPEAK LOUDER THAN WORDS.
SO WHY DON'T WE SKIP
OVER THE PLEASANTRIES
AND GET DOWN
TO BUSINESS.
GEE. HE SEEMS LIKE
A BARREL OF LAUGHS.
NOW THEN. WHY DON'T
WE KICK OFF THE YEAR
BY HOLDING AN EXHIBITION
MATCH RIGHT NOW!
WERE YOU AWARE
OF THIS!?
PLEASE, I'M ALWAYS
THE LAST TO KNOW.
SIMMER DOWN.
SO I CAN CHOOSE
THE COMPETITORS.
[THINKING]
OR SHOULD I SAY "VICTIMS"?
JESSE ANDERSEN!
AND HIS OPPONENT WILL BE
DUEL ACADEMY'S TOP STUDENT.
I ACCEPT.
JADEN YUKI.
SWEETNESS!
THE FIRST DAY
OF THE YEAR...
AND I DUEL A DUDE
WITH A LEGENDARY DECK!
THIS ROCKS!
HEY! I'M THE BEST!
NOT HIM!
YOU'LL ALWAYS BE
NUMBER ONE TO ME, BOSS.
AND YOU'LL ALWAYS BE
NUMBER TWO
IF YA KNOW WHAT I MEAN!
HEY, JAY!
THIS DUEL'S GONNA BE
A REGULAR HOOT!
ALRIGHT, BOYS...
HOLD OUT YOUR ARMS.
WHAT'RE THESE?
WHY DON'T WE JUST SAY...
THEY'RE A LITTLE
WELCOME GIFT.
STUDENTS! THE EXHIBITION DUEL
WILL BEGIN IN ONE HOUR!
AND NOT A MINUTE LATER!
HEH HEH HEH!
JESSE, YOU'RE
A NICE GUY,
BUT I'M NOT GONNA
GO EASY ON YA!
THAT'S NOT
HOW I ROLL!
OF COURSE.
I WOULDN'T EXPECT
ANYTHING LESS
FROM JADEN YUKI!
SO AS THEY SAY,
LET THE BEST DUELIST WIN.
DON'T WORRY.
I WILL!
READY!?
YOU BET!
GAME ON!
VISITORS FIRST!
HERE GOES.
ALRIGHT.
IT'S BLING TIME!
I PLAY
THIS LITTLE GUY!
CRYSTAL BEAST
EMERALD TURTLE!
AWESOME.
CHAZZ WAS RIGHT!
Jess: RIGHT
ABOUT WHAT, JAY?
YOUR CARDS.
[WOLF WHISTLES]
THEY EXIST.
JESSE? WHY'S
EVERYONE STARING
AT ME LIKE THAT?
THIS IS THE PLACE
I WAS TELLIN' YOU ABOUT.
THIS HERE'S
DUEL ACADEMY!
OOOH! IT'S A LOT BIGGER
THAN I THOUGHT.
AND YOU KNOW I'M
INTIMIDATED
BY LARGE CROWDS.
WELL I GOT A LITTLE
TRICK TO CALM YA DOWN.
WHEN YOU LOOK OUT
AT THE CROWD...
JUST PICTURE 'EM ALL
IN THEIR UNDERWEAR.
REALLY?
ARE YOU SURE?
SHOULD THEY BE
IN BOXERS OR BRIEFS?
Jaden: AWESOME!
YOU CHAT IT UP
WITH YOUR MONSTERS
JUST LIKE ME!
WELL OF COURSE.
THEY'RE MY BEST FRIENDS.
NO, THEY'RE MY FAMILY!
WOW! YOUR CARDS
ARE YOUR FAMILY?!
AND I THOUGHT I
WAS CLOSE TO MINE!
SAM HILL.
THIS KID'S
AS WEIRD AS JADEN!
YEAH. LOOK
WHO'S TALKING.
I'LL PLACE THIS
HERE FACEDOWN.
AND THAT'S THAT.
ALRIGHT.
ON THAT NOTE...
WATCH THIS!
I PLAY MY NEO-SPACIAN
AQUA DOLPHIN!
AWESOME!
AN HONEST TA GOODNESS
NEO SPACIAN!
I'VE HEARD
ABOUT THESE GUYS!
BUT I'VE NEVER
SEEN ONE!
GOOD ON YA, MATE!
LEGENDARY BEASTS
VERSUS ALIENS?
THIS OUGHTA BE GOOD.
NEXT UP, I'LL
SEND ONE CARD
TO MY GRAVEYARD...
SO HIS SPECIAL
EFFECT KICKS IN!
SONAR WAVE!
IF THERE'S A MONSTER
IN YOUR HAND
WITH 300 ATTACK
POINTS OR LESS,
IT'S INSTANTLY
DESTROYED!
THEN YOU LOSE
500 LIFE POINTS!
SO LETS SEE WHAT YA
GOT THERE, JESS!
OHH!
[CHATTERS]
UNH! COME ON!
NOT MY RUBY!
HEY THAT'S THE WAY
THE CRYSTAL
CRUMBLES, BRO.
NOW FOR O-OVERSOUL!
WITH THIS,
I GET TO BRING BACK
THE ELEMETNAL HERO CARD
THAT I JUST TOSSED!
YOU HAD THIS
ALL PLANNED!?
OF COURSE!
SO GIVE IT UP
FOR ELEMENTAL HERO NEOS!
I'VE ALWAYS
WANTED TA MEET HIM!
BUT TALK
ABOUT BAD TIMING!
IF WE WEREN'T
DUELING RIGHT NOW,
I'D ASK
FOR HIS AUTOGRAPH.
OH, WELL.
THE FUNNY THING IS IT'S
ALSO BAD TIMING FOR YOU!
WHY'S THAT!?
'CAUSE I ACTIVATE
MY TRIGGER SUMMON TRAP CARD!
SINCE YOU JUST SPECIAL
SUMMONED A MONSTER,
I GET TO PLAY ONE TOO!
IN FACT NOW WE BOTH GET TO
SUMMON A MONSTER AS LONG AS
IT'S LEVEL FOUR OR BELOW!
MAN, YOU SCARED ME.
'CAUSE FOR
A SECOND THERE,
I THOUGHT YOU WERE
GONNA DESTROY NEOS.
DID YOU SAY "DESTROY"?!
JESSE WOULD NEVER DO
SOMETHING LIKE THAT!
I HAVE TO ADMIT
THE TURTLE'S RIGHT.
DESTROYING AN OPPONENT'S
DECK JUST ISN'T MY WAY.
IF I WIPED OUT
YOUR CARDS
BEFORE YOU COULD
USE 'EM...
WELL, THAT'S NO FUN!
SEE, THE REASON I DUEL
IN THE FIRST PLACE
IS SO I CAN LEARN
NEW STRATEGIES.
BUT I CAN'T DO THAT
IF I GET RID
OF YOUR CARDS!
SO I'M GIVIN' YOU
THE CHANCE TO SHOW ME
WHAT THEY CAN DO!
NOW GO AHEAD
AND GIMME ALL YOU GOT!
ALRIGHT!
NOW YOU'RE SPEAKIN'
THE SAME LANGUAGE!
IF YOU WANNA SEE
WHAT MY CARDS CAN DO,
THEN FEAST YOUR EYES
ON THIS!
I SUMMON MY
NEO-SPACIAN GRAND MOLE!
AND I PLAY THIS!
CRYSTAL BEAST
COBALT EAGLE!
HOLY TOLEDO!
TALK ABOUT A FULL HOUSE!
WE'RE IN
THE BIG LEAGUES NOW.
THIS KID
SEEMS FAMILIAR.
THAT'S BECAUSE HE'S JADEN
WITH A SOUTHERN ACCENT!
HMM?
YOU'RE ON, NEOS!
ATTACK HIS
EMERALD TURTLE!
GRAND MOLE, YOUR
TURN TO SHOW OFF!
AND BRINGIN'
UP THE REAR,
MY AQUA DOLPHIN!
AAH!
HE DID IT!
HE TOOK OUT THEM
CRYSTAL BEASTS!
NOT QUITE.
WHAT'S THAT!?
Aqua Dolphin: THOSE
CRYSTAL BEASTS SHOULD
HAVE BEEN DESTROYED.
ACTUALLY THEY WERE!
BUT THEY HAVE
A SPECIAL ABILITY!
GET THIS!
INSTEAD OF GOING
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
THEY STAY
BY TURNING
INTO PRECIOUS CRYSTALS!
YOU'RE KIDDING!
NO FAIR!
I WANT PRICELESS
JEWELS IN MY DECK!
I MEAN
IS THAT SO WRONG!?
WHAT A MATCH!
AND THESE TWO GUYS ARE
JUST GETTING WARMED UP!
DUDE,
THAT IS RIGHTEOUS!
YOUR MONSTERS ROCK!
GET IT..."ROCK"?!
UH, NOT REALLY.
BUT IF YOU THINK
THEY'RE COOL NOW,
JUST YOU WAIT!
MY CRYSTAL BEASTS ARE
FULL OF SURPRISES!
HEH HEH HEH!
HA HA HA!